He's going to sell the factory.
So he agreed.
But he did have some conditions.
Not in a hurry
Practice again, right?
He also sent a batch of gifts to bring in
It seems that Raul is really in a hurry this time.
Okay, send it to the house for me
I didn't expect you to get married so early
Married a rich man
Lili, I feel very happy myself
You
I just stayed in the country for a long time and had no knowledge at all
What time is it?
What time?
What do you mean?
Look at this.
It's a high-end product I brought back from the West
You can use it to see the time.
Do you understand, Sister Xiaoting?
This thing still works
Amazing.
Yes, Lili, you are amazing.
I don't even understand this thing
So you don't know?
This pocket watch is nothing
There are many good things about the sunset
There is also a watch called
Precious
Just clip up everything in your house
Can't buy a watch
Oops, then take this thing quickly
It's so precious, don't lose it. What is this?
Wait for my next visit to Xinyang.
I'll bring you one too
Daughter-in-law, this is my cousin, right?
Lili
This is your cousin-in-law
Cousin, I thought it was some gentlemen
Why did you marry him?